you're about to find out how sharp your
eyes are
each correct answer earns you one point
your results are waiting for you
at the end of the video one
even though this picture seems okay
there's a mistake in it
[Music]
the numbers on the dial are mixed up
eleven goes before nine
two try to find the odd image
[Music]
it's the house with a little red window
three this picture doesn't look right to
me but
why
um something's definitely wrong with a
sand pail
its shape is kind of bizarre four
how many dolphins can you see in this
[Music]
picture
well it's been a tough feat to find all
seventeen
five can you find three words hidden in
this picture
[Music]
cloud storm and damp aha
these words were hidden pretty well six
can you figure out what's wrong in this
picture
[Music]
minimum is always at the bottom and
maximum is at the top
seven there's a deer in this picture the
poor thing doesn't want to be found
but can you see it
[Music]
a small hint look behind the tree
eight are these two squares of the same
color
or are they different
the color is the same to make sure it's
true cover the line with your finger
c nine can you spot anything wrong in
this picture
[Music]
hmm i'm quite sure butterflies don't fly
in the winter
10. one of these clovers is unlucky
it only has three leaves can you spot it
yup it's the one in the bottom row
11. something seems to be a bit off in
this image
but what
surely they didn't have pacifiers in the
stone age
12. one of these creepy threes is even
creepier than the rest
which one
uh oh there's something wrong with its
eye
13. this picture seems weird
but why
[Music]
the clock on the tower shows two o'clock
no matter if it's am or pm
sunsets don't usually happen at this
time
14. one of the dogs is different from
the rest
which pooch is it
yes the one with its mouth closed
15. something's off in this picture
care to figure out what
exactly pigeons don't normally swim
among ducks
or at all for that matter 16.
something really spooky is going on in
this picture
what is it
[Music]
there's a snake in a jar of pickles
17. which penguin is different from its
siblings
[Music]
ah gotcha two penguins are different
from the rest
18. three words are hidden in this
picture
can you find all of them
[Music]
these words are frost ice and snow
19. when apple's different from the rest
can you find it
right the worm living inside this apple
doesn't look as the others
20. try to find the odd light bulb
[Music]
whoo that wasn't easy 21.
i know something's wrong in this picture
but i can't grasp what exactly
can you
[Music]
the calendars claim it's 2018 but on the
computer screen
i mean on the computer screen you can
see another year
2017. 22. can you see the odd footprints
it seems as if someone switched their
shoes lightning fast
23. i'm sure you'll be able to spot a
bizarre detail in this picture
oops she must have been in a hurry this
morning
24. these kitties are almost too cute to
handle
but you'll have to otherwise you won't
find the odd cat
[Music]
it's the one at the bottom 25.
look at the picture and try to figure
out what's wrong here
[Music]
some prices are upside down 26.
three words are hiding in this picture
what are they
learn write and test
27. this picture is just so wrong
can you figure out why
it's raining heavily and the girl in red
doesn't have an umbrella
28 these kids look happy but i know for
sure
it's gonna end badly why
[Music]
if the little guy slides down he'll
crash into the fence
29 can you find four errors in this
picture
[Music]
well what should i start with fishing at
the skating rink
cycling there plus that woman is
actually a cat which is
quite alarming also wearing roller
skates instead of ice skates is a risky
feat
and risky for your feet as well
30. does this picture seem ok to you
well a banana is a strange ingredient
for stew
31. can you find the odd image
yep it's the m among all those w's
32 are you attentive enough to say
what's wrong in this picture
um earth in the sky then what planet is
this 33 something's missing in this
picture what is it
[Music]
no hoop no net how are they playing
basketball 34.
it's strawberry harvest time yummy
only doesn't it seem to you that
something's off
strawberries don't grow on bushes
35. a girl plus a phone plus a mirror
equals a mirror selfie and still the
image doesn't look okay
the reflection is all wrong
36 can you find the odd image
that's the one it's the only person
wearing a dress
37. can you see anything wrong in this
picture
if the swing was attached this way the
girl would immediately fall over
38. what's wrong in this picture
[Music]
the dock entrance is too narrow for that
ship to pass through
and now are you ready to find out your
results
if your score is 0 to 12 points work
more on your observation skills
and you'll definitely get better if
you've got 13 to 28 points
you have a quick eye with more practice
you'll soon become a pro
if you have 29 to 38 correct answers
you're as attentive as sherlock you can
spot the tiniest
details without much effort you
eagle-eyed person you